To begin setting up our application to show you the capabilities of Spring,
I'm going to start off with opening up my IDE.
I'm using IntelliJ for this course,
as I had mentioned in the prerequisite section.
You can see the version I'm using here,
but I don't think that would really matter to you.
Any recent version should work for what we're going to do inside of this course.
I'm going to click Create New Project, and inside of here,
I'm going to select the project SDK as Java 11.
I am not going to choose create from archetype because that'll walk us through a
bunch of dialogs that we don't care about for this course,
and I'm going to select Maven over here on the left.
Then I'm going to click Next.
For our GroupId, I'm going to put in com.pluralsight,
and for the ArtifactId, I just want to enter conference,
and click Next.
And then for our workspace I like to just have something simple in
here as workspace and the project name of conference.
So I have dev/workspace/conference.
I'm going to click Finish.
It will ask me if I want to create that directory.
Yes, I do, and then it will launch my application.
So as you can see inside of here now, we have a basic POM file,
and it's created our folder structure for us containing the source,
main, java directory, and resources directory,
as well as the source, test, java directory.
We're going to break down each of these in subsequent examples, so let's stop here as we have our base project set up for us now.